### Config
add/remove config constructor arguments as per usual. 
None of the new properties are logic breaking and can be left at defaults.

bgmConfig:
 - `Show` param gone
 - new param `ExtraDelay`

PlayerUnitConfig:
 - new param `HasHomeName`, leave false it's w/e

finally the feature of setting custom visual mana colours in player select screen background.
simply waiting long enough will solve all the problems )
 - new param `BasicRingOrder`, sets colour of the giant pentagram in select screen bg when the player is selected, `null` will default to gray colour. technically this param sets rotation of the pentagram so other combination of colours cannot be achieved just with this.

  `0 - RW, 1 - WU, 2 - UG, 3 - GB, 4 - BR`
 - new params `LeftColor` and `RightColor`, sets visual mana symbols of A/B loadouts. colorless and phylo ARE supported.
 
EnemyGroupConfig:
 - new param `Hidden`, reveal enemy models at the start of the battle(?). probably just leave at false.
 - new param `Environment`, env id for specific background during the battle, `null` or empty will default to stage bg.


StatusEffectConfig:
 - new param `ImageId`, alternative icon sprite id, if **specifically left at `null`** (empty string will not work due to how check is performed) 
 icon loaded by `StatusEffectTemplate.LoadSprite` will be used. As Sideloader already allows control of SE icon loading this param should be `null` at all times.
 
CardConfig:
 - new params `Kicker` and `UpgradedKicker` idk mtg style kicker? leave `null` ignore
 
 
### Logic

`UseCardAction` constructor had an additional `bool kicker` param added.
Usually this action is not used directly so probably won't affect too many mods.


*to be updated as these changes are the most difficult to catch*


### Misc

StartGamePanel:
 - `StartGamePanel._players` field type change from Array to List. *cyaneko-AlwaysL7* needs a recompile
 
 
### DebugMode plugin
Works without recompile if you're using the alpha branch of the game.
The plugin's inbuilt debug menu is copied form several versions ago and there are no guarantees that it's working properly.
access alpha with code `THRDBG20220728`, i'm cba'd to port code which devs are actively supporting.